README.md, before:

# LeetCode Solutions

A collection of leetcode [problems](https://leetcode.com/problemset/all/) that i am solving to practice DSA.

## Array

| #    | Title                                                                                                     | Solution                                                         | Difficulty |
| ---- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| 0001 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                                                         | [C++](./solutions/Array/two-sum.cpp)                             | Easy       |
| 0026 | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/) | [C++](./solutions/Array/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array.cpp) | Easy       |
| 0027 | [Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)                                           | [C++](./solutions/Array/remove-element.cpp)                      | Easy       |
| 0035 | [Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)                           | [C++](./solutions/Array/search-insert-position.cpp)              | Easy       |
| 0053 | [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)                                       | [C++](./solutions/Array/maximum-subarray.cpp)                    | Easy       |
| 0118 | [Pascal's Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/)                                      | [C++](./solutions/Array/pascals-triangle.cpp)                    | Easy       |
| 0119 | [Pascal's Triangle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/)                                | [C++](./solutions/Array/pascals-triangle-2.cpp)                  | Easy       |
| 0268 | [Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/)                                           | [C++](./solutions/Array/missing-number.cpp)                      | Easy       |
| 1480 | [Running Sum of 1d Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/)                         | [C++](./solutions/Array/running-sum-of-1d-array.cpp)             | Easy       |

Commit message:

:package: Adding question: Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock

README.md, after:

# LeetCode Solutions

A collection of leetcode [problems](https://leetcode.com/problemset/all/) that i am solving to practice DSA.

## Array

| #    | Title                                                                                                     | Solution                                                         | Difficulty |
| ---- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| 0001 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                                                         | [C++](./solutions/Array/two-sum.cpp)                             | Easy       |
| 0026 | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/) | [C++](./solutions/Array/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array.cpp) | Easy       |
| 0027 | [Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)                                           | [C++](./solutions/Array/remove-element.cpp)                      | Easy       |
| 0035 | [Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)                           | [C++](./solutions/Array/search-insert-position.cpp)              | Easy       |
| 0053 | [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)                                       | [C++](./solutions/Array/maximum-subarray.cpp)                    | Easy       |
| 0118 | [Pascal's Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/)                                      | [C++](./solutions/Array/pascals-triangle.cpp)                    | Easy       |
| 0119 | [Pascal's Triangle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/)                                | [C++](./solutions/Array/pascals-triangle-2.cpp)                  | Easy       |
| 0121 | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)         | [C++](./solutions/Array/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock.cpp)     | Easy       |
| 0268 | [Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/)                                           | [C++](./solutions/Array/missing-number.cpp)                      | Easy       |
| 1480 | [Running Sum of 1d Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/)                         | [C++](./solutions/Array/running-sum-of-1d-array.cpp)             | Easy       |
